veganism is a beautiful Armour but makes
for the heaviest sword I find myself
being so overwhelmed with all of this
compassion that vegans seemed to have
and as you know vegans have the most
compassion and that is why they are
leaving me comments telling me that they
hope that I get raped repeatedly and
then murdered yes that's right speaking
very calmly about the dark side of leafy
greens has suddenly triggered vegans
into thinking that I'm deserving of
being raped repeatedly and then beheaded
I am going to destroy even when I was a
vegan I was still at odds with other
vegans because they would say crazy
things like people who eat meat deserve
to die I was thinking about something in
bed which I think about quite often and
that's where the people who continue to
eat me and dairy even though they know
the impact of their diet choices on the
planet on the animals they've watched
earthlings they know the facts that
being educated but they choose to
continue eating animal products whether
they actually deserve to continue living
Big Top small action I would ask them
are you serious
but you yourself or a child who ate meat
why would you wish that they would die
instead of do what you did and grow up
and learn and that's when I got the big
picture that vegans don't want children
to grow up and learn they want them to
die I'm sure you've had that sort of
like comment as a vegan oh I'm really
like happy for you that you choose vegan
good on you that's fantastic but no I
can never do it it's like you shouldn't
have the choice you should be forced to
be vegan and am I being too extreme and
yes it does include family members of
mine who actually continue eating meat
dairy and I love them very much but
we're in this situation where drastic
change needs to happen if people aren't
taking it [ __ ] serious enough these
are the same peaceful folks that claim
that their diet is one of non-violence a
diet that will
and violence and one that ends anger
hostility and aggression in humans don't
you know you can't keep a good menace
down do I want to kill people no I don't
want to kill people you're just gonna
step the [ __ ] up or you really don't
deserve to live on this planet from my
perspective you all have been violent
aggressive hostile angry vile excessive
and belligerent and the proof is in what
you've said your behavior do you think
wishing me dead and raped simply because
I said kale isn't a superfood really
proves how evolved in spiritual you are
five minutes late Dale just comes down
to the fact that veganism attracts
people that think that they can stop
aging people that think that they can
stop death people who want to stop death
delusional people vegan bodybuilders are
some of the most narcissistic delusional
people that you can watch on YouTube you
can hear people shake if you really want
to get jacked you need to eat your
veggies I'm just not buying it celery
here pretty sure this is like a vegan
glow stick farm rave or something
but until now I've actually never seen
celery by itself it's always paired with
buffalo wings or used as a ranch spoon
so if you want to eat some celery try it
with some of these pairings peanut
butter so here's what you do you're
gonna use the celery to scoop out the
peanut butter then you eat the peanut
butter and you [ __ ] throw away the
celery but by living in fear of aging
and death we give the government a lot
of control it opens the door for them to
sell you ideas notions and philosophies
that literally do the exact opposite of
what you want how is cutting down on
pollution a government plot Dale open up
your eyes man they're trying to control
global warming
get it global so hot so please don't ask
me what you should eat that will allow
you to live forever with tight skin and
the tits of a 20 year old nothing is
going to do that
let's face it we're not going to live
forever all of this around us that seems
so important right now is all going to
end vegetables Botox or not I wasn't
shocked this actually kind of broke me a
little bit because even though I thought
I put so much
[Applause]
[Music]
some people have a deep abiding respect
for the natural beauty that was once
this country
and some people don't
people start pollution people can stop
it
[Music]
OCN